Add example to integrate in blazor server (#118)
auth0/auth0-aspnetcore-authentication: EXAMPLES.md

    return View();
}
```

## Blazor Server

The `Auth0-AspNetCore-Authentication` SDK works with Blazor Server in an almost identical way as how it's integrated in ASP.NET Core MVC.

### Register the SDK

> Registering the SDK is identical as with ASP.NET Core MVC, where you should call `builder.Services.AddAuth0WebAppAuthentication` inside `Program.cs` and ensure to register the authentication middleware (`UseAuthentication()` and `UseAuthorization()`).

Reviewer: Nit: reads a bit better

```suggestion
Registering the SDK is identical as with ASP.NET Core MVC, where you should call `builder.Services.AddAuth0WebAppAuthentication` inside `Program.cs`, and ensure the authentication middleware (`UseAuthentication()` and `UseAuthorization()`) is registered.
```

```csharp
builder.Services.AddAuth0WebAppAuthentication(options =>
{
    options.Domain = builder.Configuration["Auth0:Domain"];
    options.ClientId = builder.Configuration["Auth0:ClientId"];
    options.Scope = "openid profile email";
});

// ...

var app = builder.Build();

app.UseAuthentication();
app.UseAuthorization();
```

> ### Adding Login and Logout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add login and logout
```

> Adding Login and Logout is different in the sense that you should create a `PageModel` implementation for both to allow the user to be redirected to and redirect further to Auth0.

Reviewer: Looks like there were some extra words at the end that weren't needed, my suggestion:

```suggestion
Adding login and logout capabilities is different in the sense that you should create a `PageModel` implementation for both to allow the user to be redirected to Auth0.
```
